Today I'll show you the
plush bronzin movie years long
if you're coming here now in my
channel sign up here to subscribe and
watch other videos
If you want to watch the theme part
frozen click here or if you want
watch my collection at the villa
certosa one click here
Okay, let's start at the beginning.
Hi Guys I'm there and I like
hot hugs
me too, it's cold there
so people this is the lap he is lonely
plush is not dangerous and does not
Great break for babies but I like it
very
I love plush and this one is year
She is a friend of Lap and sister of the elza.
Launch a beautiful movie, if you can.
watch I know you'll like me
especially the songs good
the ana is plush too and you can play
without hurting it comes with this cover and
still looks that is well understood
already it hurt a snowman well
chubby and get together at the sea to
elza and end the eternal winter side
of the kingdom is this I hope you have
I liked writing here on the channel to
do not lose any videos if you like
click I liked to encourage the favorite
this video and until the next